hey what's up guys mkbhd here and
welcome back to dope tech i'm super into
doing more of these especially for 2020
but while we're wrapping up 2019 let's
just get right into it so dope tech is
for some of the most awesome incredible
or just fun or interesting pieces of
tech that i've discovered or bought or
had an experience with that i think are
worth sharing and the first one that i'm
going to share with you guys is this guy
you might have seen it it's the samsung
galaxy note 10 but it's clearly not just
any note 10 it's the star wars edition
note 10. you might think i'm just into
it because it's red and black and
i'm not gonna lie that's that's a part
of why i'm into it but this is really a
super legitimate star wars themed phone
like we've seen a lot of special edition
phones over the years and in fact i have
a video coming up of a pretty wild
special edition phone that's unlike
anything i've ever seen before but this
one
really fully leans into the dark side of
the star wars universe right from the
unboxing experience so i'll leave
actually lou's unboxing video linked in
the description because he did a really
good one and then when you get to the
phone itself they really went next level
there's a red ring around the camera and
the buttons as you can see that's pretty
basic but then you've got the logo of
the first order around the back and then
in the software itself there's a dark
theme it comes with a wallpaper of the
red and black helmet and even the sounds
the phone makes
are all very star wars-y now i typically
mute my phone like as soon as i take it
out the box i don't use the sounds but
if you want to be this guy on the subway
you can be this guy but really the
cherry on top is uh the stylus the
stylus is red like kylo ren's lightsaber
i think it looks pretty sick and now you
can feel like some type of jedi when
you're using the air commands with the
red lightsaber stylus and when you pull
it out the phone every single time
it's gonna make you feel like you're uh
pulling out a lightsaber
and putting it back so they've really
thought a lot about this i think a lot
of people are going to see the movie
right about now so this is something
they've gotten really into
but i'm just really excited for next
year's potentially high refresh rate
galaxy note 11
but that's beside the point the point is
this is a special edition phone and i
think they've done a really good job
with it star wars edition note 10. all
right next up colorware is finally
shipping their
painted
airpods pros so if you've watched the
channel for a while you've known about
colorware i've talked about them about
how they precisely take apart repaint
customize and put back together various
electronics and new stuff as it comes
out so as soon as the airpods pros got
announced i immediately turned to them
and i was like are you guys going to do
the thing where you paint the airpods
pros and they said yup so now here they
are and of course they'll do any color
they have a bunch of colors on their
site but i have to go with matte black
everything here because i mean who am i
really
matte black case here matte black
earbuds
and you know i'm just into making them
really hard to find if i lose them so
the things that aren't painted are the
inside of the case which i don't think
is that big of a deal and then the
rubber tips on the earbuds of course
which means you're going to have this
sort of contrast now between whatever
color you paint the airpods and the
actual rubber tips making them look that
much more like a pokemon now i'm going
to share a video in the description of
someone who sort of did this
themselves with airpods and plated them
gold and surprisingly put them all back
together and got them to be fully
functional
that is more of a super fun artistic
video that i think is worth checking out
but it's just sort of impressive to
admire that these still work the squeeze
function in the tip still works the air
channel pass through the impressive
noise cancellation
everything is
just about how you'd expect just a new
color i think really the main reason you
have them painted is so that they look
different in your ears the case is sort
of a nice bonus so you can also get this
painted so if you have more than one on
a table you know which one's yours
immediately but yeah the look in your
ear is what you're doing it for so my
airpods pros are matte black now no
regrets i'll make sure to link these and
and everything else i talk about in this
video in the description right below
that like button okay next up is this
guy so big shout out to renee ritchie
for clueing me into this this was his
favorite piece of tech in that big end
of the year collab we did for favorite
tech of the year this is the oculus
quest so this is a standalone vr headset
so you might have seen something like
the oculus rift which requires a pc to
plug into or you might have seen
something along the lines of like
slotting your phone into one where the
phone does all the powering all the
display
uh this is sort of a happy medium in
between those so this is the headset and
you might have seen some others that
look somewhat like it oh my god i'm in
the world already but there's a couple
different sensors built into the outside
of it so there's no trackers that have
to be placed around the room or the
space you're in
and the headset itself has got the
adjustable headband and everything about
it gets you nice and snug as you'd
expect and thankfully it charges via usb
type-c it also has speakers built in and
they're pretty close to your ears so you
don't need headphones but what they've
done is they tossed in some headphone
jacks and when i say jacks i'm being
plural it has two one on each side and
so you can use your own headphones and
get really immersed so i was playing
these with noise cancelling headphones
on top of the headset so that's like
that next extra step to get really
immersed in this world but the
difference maker for this quest is since
there's no trackers you can just get to
an open area whatever room you want to
be in
set this thing up
and you're just sort of
free to move around in this world with
this battery-powered headset on and the
setup is actually really sick you put it
on in an area that you're not configured
in yet and the sensors on the outside
light up and essentially give you this
pass through so now i can see the camera
hi
and lets you draw the space that you're
in
literally around you as like a safe zone
they call it a guardian so once you've
drawn that outline then you have that
room to move around and it keeps track
of it puts up the virtual walls
calibrates the floor and you're set and
then once you're into the gaming it is
still really impressive to my eye while
it's not perfect latency is still pretty
low frame rates are high it does a
pretty good job of filling my field of
view and i was impressed with basically
how well it stayed tracked and i never
really noticed it losing positioning at
all and i really like the controllers
too so the ring around the the buttons
they help you stay positioned and based
on what buttons you're holding and what
your fingers are doing the hands in the
game will mimic like exactly what your
hands are doing in real life down to the
finger position so of course i had a
great time playing some of my favorite
vr games beat saber and super hot are
right off the top i'll like the first
ones i recommend for anyone trying to
play these i'm gonna go ahead and try a
bunch of new ones now that i have this
since there's like 50 more titles in the
oculus store
but yeah you can just download the
oculus app on your phone and then add
them one by one to your library and try
them out so that's what i'm gonna do but
i got really into this i think this
would be
an incredible last second gift for
someone that you really really like uh
so if you're still in that gift shopping
mode i'll have a link below so of course
big shout out to renee for recommending
this and a huge thanks to oculus for
sponsoring this portion of the video
okay last but certainly not least is
this
monster this is an 88 inch
8k
oled tv
made by lg so as you can tell it's brand
new we just got it in the studio and
holy crap is it impressive so a couple
quick facts number one it is the largest
oled display currently in production
that you can actually buy right now at
88 inches diagonally
and number two
it's 8k which means it's 76.80 across by
4320 down which makes this total
million pixels
that means this is a 33 megapixel screen
so there's already a lot of good looking
4k displays and 4k oleds everywhere no
doubt this is clearly next level but
it's also not going to be maximized by
pretty much anyone the current version
of hdmi doesn't support 8k through a
single cable there's almost no 8k
content on tvs or on youtube or netflix
or anything like that so getting
something like this today for the thirty
thousand dollars that it costs
definitely makes it more of a high-end
statement piece but also like clearly
bleeding edge but even knowing all that
it's still really impressive to look at
because number one it's huge i think
even an 88-inch 4k oled will look
incredible but it's just a massive panel
but then also number two while we're
sort of waiting for all this 8k stuff
this thing is going to do its best to
upscale and make sub 8k content look
better if you go on lg's website to see
how this works it's not super scientific
or explanatory you know there's some
obvious processing involved they have
two diagrams with two levels of
enhance
enhance enhance
enhance but what matters at the end is
the results
and these speak for themselves now
obviously you're watching this through
my camera and then through youtube
processing and then through your screen
so there's almost no way you can fully
appreciate what we're looking at here
but even through all that i feel like
you can get the idea that the brightness
and the contrast and the colors and just
the sheer size and resolution of this tv
are on another level it costs as much as
a car you know but for people who are
into tech they might just want this more
than a car and that's what makes a dope
tech this is only the second 8k display
that's ever been in the studio the first
one was that dell 8k monitor from a
while back which was the first one that
i could ever see the 8k footage we shoot
on an ak screen and that was incredible
but
i mean an 88 inch screen
is just different a lot of the same
funny quirks happen here too if you plug
in the 8k display into a computer and
try to game at 8k scaling can be weird
with some games and most graphics cards
will refuse to cooperate but it's still
going to look great upscaled high
resolution thanks to lg's tech and i'm
very impressed that i can actually tell
the difference so there you have it all
i know is this is going to make an
incredible first piece of tech to move
into the new studio space that we're
planning for early 2020 that is really
exciting but i think every dope tech
piece on this list earns its spot here
for its own reason so that's been it
thanks for watching this episode onward
with tech sember
catch you guys in the next one
peace